Upon opening the folder PA-3-ExecutablePackage, you will see 2 folders.  Open Graphviz2.38.
In Graphviz2.38, open the bin folder.
Copy the bin folder's path from the path bar (path will be something like ...\Graphviz2.38\bin)

Open the control panel.
In the control panel's search bar, type "Environment Variables."
Click "Edit the system environment variables."

In the next menu that opens, click Environment Variables.

In the next menu, under both the user variables (the box at the top) and the System variables (the box on the bottom),
locate the variable named "Path"
For both menues, follow the following steps:
	1) Click on the path variable row (it should highlight in blue)
	2) Click the "edit" button
	3) In the next menu, click the button labled "new"
	4) In the new textbox that appears, paste the path that you copied earlier, and press enter
	5) Press okay

Now that Graphviz2.38\bin is in your Path variable, you should be ready to run the application.

Return to PA-3-ExecutablePackage and open the PA-3-Application folder.
Click on the file labeled PA-3-Executable

The display that comes up has two buttons on it.
Clicking the button labeled "Undirected Graph" will have you making an undiredcted graph.
Clicking the button labeled "Directed Graph" will have you making a diredcted graph.

On the next screen, you will see a few buttons.

The button "Add node" will add a node to the graph.  The node's name will be what you type in the box above the button.
The button "Remove node" will remove a node from the graph in the same way "Add node" does.

The "Add Edge" and "Remove Edge" buttons are similar to the "Add node" and "Remove node" buttons,
but they add and remove edges instead.  The inputs into the boxes above these buttons should be nodes.
If either of the input nodes is not in the graph, they will be added to the graph, if you are adding an edge.

The "Adjacency List" button displays the adjacency list for the graph.

The "Adjacency Matrix" button displays the adjanceny matrix for the graph.

The "Display Graph" button displays the graph itself.

The "Breadth First Search" button will perform a breadth first search of the graph and output the visit order for each
component.

The "Depth First Search" button will perform a depth first search of the graph and output the visit order for each
component.